conti was able to know a bunch of tires
and tubes show me the money okay so
you've got a tire to make some cycle
mark official John Campo track cycling
gloves yeah six pack your Belgium which
was really nice and alex from transient
bag skewers to really read his pouch for
you thank you raise your hand if you
want a beer in first in our non
messenger man its kind of sneak not
really applicable because he is a
working messenger but already won
tickets once so he is not eligible for
the working messenger field we all
understand this we're not trying today
you're not already vested in fergus okay
all right you got a merino wool jersey
from slovo tubes from Conti bike
messenger bag company from New York
called demartini give us some pretty
cool looking bags realty martini and
some official john kafo drag racing club
and now the non messenger field women in
third place we have amanda guys tires
from kanji and tubes official John Campo
and track racing gloves we just like a
log logo and a really rad t-shirt
in second place Sarah murder came down
is great working messengers but has won
tickets before so is no longer eligible
in the working messenger category so
Sasha won't drink the beer also gonna
give you the six-pack conjugator skin
hey compassion transient capo glove and
a six-pack of 1554 in first place from
LA in the non-working messenger women
category sasha hang one megaphone oh it
gets low again the coffee Gator skin hip
pouch from transient slobo t-shirt the
baklava purse that was Joe Valen Valen
from Bianco cuz it gets so cold here in
la paja tube and some campus like no
cycling all right second place
second place Derek another downtown Los
Angeles messenger yo straight feel we've
got him some really pretty blue cracks
from sugino they were really nice to
kick this down to stop capo gloves Gator
skin and a small transient hip pouch so
that when he's riding and working he
look like he's pretty good at a scale
case it was enclosed air so first place
in the mail messenger seven first time
on the track we got a really awesome bag
from chrome screen with the fellow City
2009 logo this 20 inch hub buck this 20
inch tube box is actually a level hub so
you yes you did a rear level have a
six-pack and handsome Conte and some
some camo glove oh right the other thing
they were racing for he also wins the
ticket courtesy of Santa Monica airlines
to New York City for the velo City
finals and a very hotly contested
women's messenger field thanks for
coming down again you really appreciate
it you also got a chrome bag a ya go top
to pod a level home from scott hansen is
a really good friend of ours
and a six-pack a new belgium if you guys
want to pick the stuff up and hold it so
we can take pictures of it all right
everybody ready make some pictures
tickets to Tokyo it should be really
exciting they're meeting your name is
there a small weight to steal the show
t-shirt kind of t-shirt boss are you
rate hang on I've only got a couple more
I got one youth large huge round of
applause for our back announcer he
donated his Sunday afternoon help us
have fun out here at the track